a new feature with our software is that
in our mapping tab many people want to
be able to print out their maps and when
you are looking at your map on the
software you can only see a certain
range of sales for instance here you can
only see between 500 rpm and 6000 rpm
well if you right-click on your map you
can copy the entire grid and paste that
to an Excel spreadsheet where you can
then print out your entire map go back
and review it look for anomalies within
the map fuel transitions and things like
that okay and you can also do some
tuning you can go in to that Excel
spreadsheet and by hand make adjustments
without being hooked up to this you can
do this at home make adjustments come
back in and you can also right-click on
the map and import or paste that
modified sheet from your Excel program
into your VA's Astin so you can pull the
the map out of the software modify it
evaluate it do whatever you choose and
then import it back in if you would like
so that's a new feature with the
software that's very useful right now
you can see that we're actively in the
software we're hooked up to our bike ok
yes I turned the key on on the bike
that'll allow the full system circuit
and I can then make adjustments to my
map and traction control switch now our
map selects which is a toggle switch if
you look in the lower left-hand corner
of the screen right here where it says
map align if I switch my map select
switch down it changes to map to
effectively our system stores 2 maps and
typically when you think of Maps you're
thinking of fuel maps but our system you
can have two fuel maps which you'll see
here the values are changing the map and
map 2 is our slip-on map that we provide
with the kit and map 1 it's the slip-on
map that we've just went in and applied
adjustments so what I'll call this is
848 slip
on map with adjustments okay so now I
know that that's the map we've made
adjustments to you can also store two
different quick shift kill times so if I
change the quick shift kill time for
first to second in one particular gear
maybe we're drag racing we want to try a
little something different here I'll put
a 40 there just hypothetically and
you'll notice when I changed a map
selects which map won the kill time from
first to second gear is 40 and map to
it's 70 so these maps are not just fuel
system related they can be applied to
fuel map quick shift maps and also
traction control okay similar to that
I've got two different traction control
maps in here and you can notice that the
values in the map are changing when I'm
adjusting the toggle switch so now that
you see that we have two different
traction control maps set from Apple one
to map to let's look at the TC trim
switch okay right now we have all fives
in our base map and map two and the gear
positions are non set so effectively
we've got a TC sensitivity level of five
globally across the board if I want to
turn those sensitivity values up and
give myself a more sensitive traction
control setting where to come on sooner
out on the racetrack I can trim the
switch up by three percent
so we'll go +3 one two three on the
switch and that's displayed under trim
switch in the upper right hand corner of
the TC page okay so now effectively my
sensitivity levels are at 1/8 across the
map ok now if I wanted to go in and have
traction control set differently in one
particular gear I could go in and say
third gear I want to turn the
sensitivity down in third gear so I'll
click on my arrow and I'll turn it down
by 5 percent okay so with a base setting
of 5 in the sensitivity map in 3rd gear
when we're riding our bike in 3rd gear 5
and
negative five balance each other out
which gives us a zero value but our trim
switch is gonna be out of three so
effectively the rest of the map and all
other gears will have a setting of eight
but in third gear will be at a setting
of three okay and also many times for
road racing applications many riders
would prefer for the starting line to
turn traction control completely off and
first gear to get a great start and
that's what makes this feature really
useful so you can turn it off in first
gear in map 2 when you hit the infield
and you're no longer worried about the
starting line you can switch over back
in the map 1 or vice versa and have a
different setting there